Easy to immigrate, mainly you just need to be 12 years old, know the language and laws, and perhaps some other stuff.
Modern language, based on being simple, logical, and hard to misinterpret.
BLUE|Use dozenal counting system, or something similar/better. (Likely use a different measuring system too)
Different time and date system (military time, 24 hours, or 2 12 hour periods being night and day) date goes year/season/week/day . Weeks are 12 days long
Freedom of speech: you can say what you want, no matter your opinion
Freedom of recording: you can record anything on public property, whether with an audio recorder, video recorder, or camera.
Industry standard for keyboard layout is Dvorak, or something similar/better.~
If a cop is doing something illegal, any citizen has the right to treat them as they would a criminal.
BLUE|A great militia. Basically, enemies would be afraid to attack our country, because almost every citizen is armed and trained. But not by the government, they all train by themselves, because they like to. While soldiers and police can be more active, and offensive, we don't have to worry so much about defense, because anyone with a gun can kill a terrorist, an enemy soldier, or a criminal. So the citizens are basically doing the work of the police for us.
Winner should not take all. (When electing people to run a country, say, person a gets 47% of votes, person b gets 38%, person c gets 11%, and person d gets 4%, person a would not become the sole leading official. Every person that gets more than 5% of votes becomes a leader.) When a decision needs to be made, or a bill passed, the leaders will decide amongst themselves what to do. Decisions will be put to a vote, and each person has the voting power of the number of people that voted for them. This will also discourage people from not voting third party because “it's a wasted vote”
Anyone can have whatever religion and beliefs they want, but that does not exempt them from laws and such. They still may not infringe upon other people, or refuse gay people a wedding cake because their religion says they're going to hell.
Once you turn 12, you can legally leave your parents to live on your own, until then, they must take care of you, or give you to an orphanage.
Drugs and alcohol are illegal to consume for anyone under the age of 25.
RED|Fair, not equal.
RED|Public education system is great!*
BLUE|“Communism” during times of war. (x3 military budget)
